Add Windows 2022 Dynamic Worker end-of-life docs (#3210)
OctopusDeploy/docs: src/pages/docs/infrastructure/workers/dynamic-worker-pools/windows-2022-end-of-life.md

---
layout: src/layouts/Default.astro
pubDate: 2026-07-14
modDate: 2026-07-14
title: Windows 2022 End-of-life
description: Describing the deprecation process of Windows 2022 Dynamic Workers.

> navOrder: 50

Reviewer: Should we set this to a value lower than 50 so it appears above the older EOL docs?

Author: I will get back to this one. I think I need to change the other files navOrder

Reviewer: We're retiring the old page so the navOrder doesn't matter anymore

hideInThisSection: true
hideInThisSectionHeader: true
---

Our Windows Server 2022 Dynamic Workers are being upgraded to use Windows Server 2025, this may result in breaking changes for users of community steps or custom scripts.

## What is changing?

Due to Windows Server 2022 reaching the end of standard support on 13 October 2026, we are upgrading our dynamic workers to use Windows Server 2025.

## Who will be impacted?

Users of Octopus Cloud using Windows Dynamic Workers (`Windows (default)` and `Windows Server Core 2022` images) and running custom scripts or community steps may be impacted as there are **breaking changes between Windows 2022 and Windows 2025**. Should any additional components be identified as having breaking changes we will endeavour to inform you via email and Octopus community Slack.

> Steps running execution containers on Windows Dynamic Workers may also be impacted as Windows containers can generally only run when the container base image OS version matches the host OS version. This means the Windows 2022 container image you are currently using will likely fail to run on a Windows 2025 Dynamic Worker.

Reviewer: Thankfully this is no longer true! [There should be compatibility for Windows 2022 containers on Windows 2025 hosts](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/virtualization/windowscontainers/deploy-containers/version-compatibility?tabs=windows-server-2025%2Cwindows-11#windows-server-host-os-compatibility)
```suggestion
```

Author: Applied in latest commit :) Thank you!

### What are the breaking changes between Windows 2022 and Windows 2025 releases?

It is not possible to give a complete and definitive answer as this depends on your use cases. Therefore, please refer to the following documents:

- [Comparison of Standard, Datacenter, and Datacenter: Azure Edition editions of Windows Server 2025](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-server/get-started/editions-comparison?pivots=windows-server-2025)
- [What's new in Windows Server 2022](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-server/get-started/whats-new-in-windows-server-2022)
- [What's new in Windows Server 2025](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-server/get-started/whats-new-windows-server-2025)
- [Features removed or no longer developed starting with Windows Server 2025](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-server/get-started/removed-deprecated-features-windows-server-2025)

### What if I experience a breaking change but I can't remediate it in time?

There is the option to provision your own worker with Windows Server 2022 and selecting its worker pool for your deployment processes that experience the breaking change.

### How does this affect Execution Containers?

> Windows containers can generally only run when the container base image OS version matches the host OS version. Please follow the [migration guide](#migration-guide) to make the transition as smooth as possible.

Reviewer: Windows Server 2025
```suggestion
[Windows Server 2025 supports running containers based on Windows Server 2022](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/virtualization/windowscontainers/deploy-containers/version-compatibility?tabs=windows-server-2025%2Cwindows-11#windows-server-host-os-compatibility). While Microsoft provides compatibility for Windows Server 2022 based containers to run, the base operating system is still reaching its end of support on 13th of October, 2026 and so we recommend upgrading when possible. Please follow the [migration guide](#migration-guide) to make the transition as smooth as possible.
```

Author: Applied in latest commit :) Thank you!
